README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/khazelrigg/wordCount.svg?branch=1.1.0)](https://travis-ci.org/khazelrigg/wordCount)

Word Count
==========

**Word Count** is a Java application built using Stanford's Core NLP library with the main purpose 
of analysing a file to generate parts of speech distribution charts.

---

### Usage:
    
1. Get the [latest release of this program](https://github.com/khazelrigg/wordCount/releases)

2. Run:

     In the terminal execute the following command:
    
        java -jar wordCount.jar 
     
     or to pass a file or directory to the program use the following:
     
        java -jar wordCount.jar fileName
        
4. Result outputs will be created as a folder in the working directory, use `cd results` to view the generated output

---
### Web demo
A small web demo that shows an application of this program can be found [here](http://bl.ocks.org/khazelrigg/raw/287b2e8a648bf85313de686bfe7ed540/)

### License:
This project is licensed under the Apache 2.0 license

Commit message:

Moved CoreNLP setup to reduce time spent showing usage, fixed error catching of readText that resulted in more errors. Better README

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/khazelrigg/wordCount.svg?branch=1.1.0)](https://travis-ci.org/khazelrigg/wordCount)

Word Count
==========

**Word Count** is a Java application built using Stanford's Core NLP library with the main purpose 
of analysing a file to generate human readable text files and charts that show  word counts and Parts Of Speech
 distribution in a text.

---

### Usage:

    usage: wordCount [OPTION]... [FILE]...
     -h,--help          Print help
     -i,--images        Create image outputs
     -j,--json          Create JSON output
     -k,--interactive   Run interactive mode, choose options when run instead
                        of in command line
     -o,--overwrite     Overwrite any results

### Installing
1. Get the [latest release of this program](https://github.com/khazelrigg/wordCount/releases)

2. Executing the jar:
     
        java -jar WordCount.jar -h
        
    Example usage to analyse directory with the name "Books" and create P.O.S. and difficulty charts
        
        java -jar WordCount.jar -i Books
        
4. Result outputs will be created as a folder in the working directory, use `cd results` to view the generated output

---
### Web demo
A small web demo that shows an application of this program can be found [here](http://bl.ocks.org/khazelrigg/raw/287b2e8a648bf85313de686bfe7ed540/)

### License:
This project is licensed under the Apache 2.0 license
